    TopBank is a large banking services company. It operates mainly in European countries offering financial
    products, from bank accounts to investments, including some types of insurance and investment products.

    The company's business model is a service type, that is, it sells banking services to its customers through
    physical agencies and an online portal.

    The company's main product is a bank account, in which the customer can deposit his salary, make withdrawals,
    deposits and transfer to other accounts. This bank account has no cost to the customer and is valid for 12 
    months, that is, the customer needs to renew the contract of that account to continue using it for the next
    12 months.

    According to the TopBank Analytics team, each customer who has this bank account returns a monetary value of
    15% of the value of their estimated salary, if it is less than the average and 20% if this salary is higher 
    than the average, during the current period of your account. This value is calculated annually.

    For example, if a customer's monthly salary is 1,000.00 EUR and the average of all bank wages is 800 EUR. 
    The company, therefore, invoices 200 EUR annually with this client. If this customer has been in the bank 
    for 10 years, the company has already earned 2,000.00 EUR from its transactions and account usage.

    In recent months, the Analytics team realized that the rate of customers canceling their accounts and 
    leaving the bank reached unprecedented numbers in the company. Concerned about the increase in this rate,
    the team devised an action plan to reduce the rate of customer evasion.

    Concerned about the drop in this metric, TopBank's Analytics team hired you as a Data Science consultant to
    create an action plan, with the objective of reducing customer evasion, that is, preventing the customer from
    canceling his contract and not renew it for another 12 months. This evasion, in business metrics, is known as
    Churn.

    In general, Churn is a metric that indicates the number of customers who have canceled the contract or have
    stopped buying your product within a certain period of time. For example, customers who canceled the service
    contract or after it expired, did not renew it, they are considered churn customers.

    Another example would be customers who have not made a purchase for more than 60 days. These customers can be
    considered churn customers until a purchase is made. The 60-day period is completely arbitrary and varies
    between companies.


A possible action to prevent the customer from churning is to offer a discount coupon, or some other financial incentive for him to renew 
his contract for another 12 months.

Which customers would you give the financial incentive to and what would that amount be, in order to maximize ROI (Return on Investment).
Recalling that the sum of incentives cannot exceed 10,000.00 EUR
